NMS-15574: Update health:check command (#5953)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/development/pages/osgi/osgi-and-opennms.adoc

                    <!-- <Export-Package>org.foo.myproject.api</Export-Package>--> <1>
                    <!-- <Import-Package>org.foo.myproject.api.dependencies</Import-Package>--> <2>
                    <!-- <Private-Package>org.foo.myproject.impl</Private-Package>--> <3>
                    <!-- <Karaf-Commands>*</Karaf-Commands>--> <4>
                    </instructions>
                </configuration>
            </plugin>
        </plugins>
    </build>
----
<1> (Optional) Define packages that can be exported.

> <2> (Optional) Define packages to be imported from dependent modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> (Optional) Define packages to import from dependent modules.
```

<3> (Optional) Define private packages that should not be exported.
<4> Include this only when the module is intended for adding Karaf commands.

== Add Karaf feature

A feature is a set of bundles that can be installed in Karaf.
For any given module, all of its dependencies must be specified in a feature.

> Sometimes, there are runtime dependencies that will be run only when you actually use the feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, there are runtime dependencies that will run only when you actually use the feature.
```
